# Offline Meet on 23rd August 2024 in CFI Conference Room 101

## Attendance:

Leads
- [x] Ganesh
- [x] Nikhil

PMs
- [x] Aditi
- [x] Avani
- [x] Deena
- [x] Dhruv
- [x] Hrithik
- [x] Navin
- [x] Siva

## Key points

- Leads asked PMs to make notes as they watch/read stuff to ensure smoother documentation
- PMs were asked to put their weekly progress and documentation on to their repos atleast 1 day before the next meet so that the leads get to plan the contents of the next meeting. Even if the documenation is not complete, put a status update on the WhatsApp group atleast.
- In the next week (next meeting ~ end of first week of Sept) all PMs will work on getting Julia running and replicate the notebook created by Navin. Split into two teams - Avani, Hrithik, Dhruv and Aditi, Deena, Siva

## Plans for the future

- Replicating the paper is easy now. We can move on to more interesting things before Research Conclave.
- Three pathways:
  - More Category Theory: Learn the precise meaning of each Category Theoretical terms and delve into the theoretical aspects of the "math" part
  - More Dynamical Systems: Learn more about the modelling of various Dynamical Systems (Ross-Macdonald, Malaria, etc.)
  - More Julia and Code: Explore the implementation side of the project via code
- PMs can engage themselves in any of these 3 pathways or propose some new ideas later on.
- Start exploring other avenues apart from Epidemiology, Population dymaics. For instance, circuit theory. Look for interesting applications in Spivak's book (available under main-repo/books)
